What about the here and now?
I don't know.
I don't know what's gonna happen
tomorrow or today.
I wonder: "It's been a while
since nothing happen".
Then it happens.
So...
I think we're always
creating the present.
As Nietzsche said:
"Go down deep...
but don't keep living
the drama, don't stay there,
live all the tragedy,
"tragedy, oh!",
then you arise
as a new being.
And I always wanna be
those new beings.
Recreating the present...
What do you mean?
We live the present.
It's not to keep living the drama.
"Oh, my God!" "Oh, will he be back?"
-I never do that.
-Then...
suddenly you say "good-bye"
and it's all over,
now I'm another person.
Look! I'll tell you something:
our experiences aren't useful to anyone,
but to ourselves.
"Do like this..."
Nope!
-Wise!
-Being wrong in life is the best thing.
Don't you agree?
THE HERE AND NOW GOES TOO FAST
You know, I'm a sedimentation.
One layer, another layer, another...
another... it looks like...
like an assembly,
like those excavations
where they do like this...
then you're able to see the layers.
That's me.
The greatest thing of my life
is that I've always been curious.
-So have you.
-Me too.
Of course.
I'm loving your words.
I'll copy many things.
Great.
I believe that more than a work of art,
my life is an art installation.
I can't say it's a work of art,
it's an installation,
pieces, and pieces, and pieces...
that I put together.
I love that kind of patchwork.
I don't like definitive stuffs,
I like the patchwork
for I keep changing...
HERE, WE SMOKE A LOT
I'm an outsider.
I don't use GPS...
I don't like to find myself.
Fabricio has always told me:
"You lose your glasses,
your wallet, everything,
because the joy of finding them later
is so great..."
I love to be lost and then...
to find myself.
IT TAKES QUITE A WHILE
FOR US TO BE YOUNG
Many friends of mine
that were beautiful,
started to be less beautiful
and got all desperate.
I didn't.
I thank God for having
almost the same figure
I had before...
I have some goiter and all,
but what's the problem?
I swear to God I think like that,
otherwise I'd be...
I saw my friends the other day,
they were all twins,
all going under some shots.
If you take a picture...
Natural light is dreadful at this age.
A group of friends
were like twins.
-All like this.
-All the same.
Aside from that, I notice
the worry they have
about being impeccable.
My God!
I take care of myself.
It takes me an hour to have
my makeup and hair done.
It's a setting-up.
The line against the wrinkle
and all...
Each day it's closer.
My love, come here!
Eye liner... I mean...
It starts smearing,
so we...
clean it.
You see?
Because it's sharp.
That's it.
Me too.
I do all that too.
I'm fine as I am.
Full of wrinkles,
this part has fallen...
Well, that's aging. I don't want
to look like I'm 40yo,
I'm 73, you know?
I think those 12yo ladies
are dreadful.
It's horrible!
Because they're old.
They look like they were 12...
and say things of old people.
CHANGING IS FOR THE STRONG ONES
I started to understand
that wrong relationships
drain your power,
you start being a fossil,
it doesn't work,
it's devastating.
-That's true.
-I've done that...
consciously, a couple of times
in my life.
Relationships that make
you weak.
If things aren't right,
I prefer to cut it out for good.
When I do those things...
I'm the master of self-immune diseases,
then my eyes get swollen,
my thyroid gland get swollen,
-I get all allergic.
-A small cancer.
-Me too.
But we prevent ourselves.
Not you.
I can't. I like creating a cancer.
And I think it's a way of
calling some attention.
Look! My last doctor told me:
"Are you still smoking?" "Yes…
…and I'll keep smoking.”
I keep smoking, I'll die
from skin cancer because I sunbathe,
I'll fall from my shoes and break
a foot because I love high heels...
-I hope not.
-...and I'll keep drinking.
We choose how to die.
I want to die from smoking,
from sun, and from high heels.
I want to die tall,
do you understand?
You're a creative person,
I'm an observer one.
I'm a "voyeuse".
Next time we'll talk about sex,
since she's talking about voyeurs.
Subtitles:
Diego Marsicano